Update run api documentation for new query parameters (#44)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/run.mdx

| `force_canceled`       | A workspace admin forcefully canceled the run.

### Run Operations

The run operation specifies the Terraform execution mode, and you can reference the following list of possible operation modes and use them as runs list query parameters.

| Operation               | Description                                                                                                                |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `plan_only`             |  Indicates the run completed without an apply phase. Most commonly known as an speculative run.                            |
| `plan_and_apply`        |  Indicates the run completed with both plan and apply phases.                                                              |
| `refresh_only`          |  Specifies the run was instructed to execute a plan in which updates state.                                                |

> | `destroy`               |  Specifies the run destroyed all objects, regardless of configuration changes                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `destroy`               |  Specifies the run destroyed all objects, regardless of configuration changes.                                              |
```

| `errored`              | The run has errored. This is a final state.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `canceled`             | The run has been canceled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `force_canceled`       | A workspace admin forcefully canceled the run.

### Run Operations

> *Applicable for runs list query parameters*
> 
> The run operation specifies the mode in which the terraform executed, and you can reference the following list of possible operation modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The run operation specifies the Terraform execution mode, and you can reference the following list of possible operation modes and use them as runs list query parameters.
```

| Operation               | Description                                                                                                                |
|-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `plan_only`             |  Indicates the run completed without an apply phase. Most commonly known as an speculative run.                            |
| `plan_and_apply`        |  Indicates the run completed with both plan and apply phases.                                                              |
| `refresh_only`          |  Specifies the run was instructed to execute a plan in which updates state.                                                |
| `destroy`               |  Specifies the run destroyed all objects, regardless of configuration changes                                              |
| `empty_apply`           |  Specifies the run performed an apply with no changes to resources. Most commonly used to upgrade terrafor state versions. |

### Run Sources

> *Applicable for runs list query parameters*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following sources as runs list query parameters.
```

This endpoint supports pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#query-parameters); remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling doesn't automatically encode URLs.

| Parameter           | Description                                                                                     |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `page[number]`      | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return the first page.                              |
| `page[size]`        | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return 20 runs per page.                            |

> | `filter[operation]` | **Optional.** Options are listed in [Run Operations](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run#run-operations)   |

Author: Will pay more attention to our conventions moving forward 😃

This endpoint supports pagination [with standard URL query parameters](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#query-parameters); remember to percent-encode `[` as `%5B` and `]` as `%5D` if your tooling doesn't automatically encode URLs.

| Parameter           | Description                                                                            |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `page[number]`      | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return the first page.                     |
| `page[size]`        | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return 20 runs per page.                   |

> | `filter[operation]` | **Optional.** Options are listed [above](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run#run-operations)   |
> | `filter[status]`    | **Optional.** Options are listed [above](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run#run-states)       |
> | `filter[source]`    | **Optional.** Options are listed [above](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run#run-states)       |

Reviewer: Just checking that these last two should both point to run states.

```suggestion
| `filter[operation]` | **Optional.** Options are listed in [Run Operations](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run#run-operations)   |
| `filter[status]`    | **Optional.** Options are listed in [Run States](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run#run-states)       |
| `filter[source]`    | **Optional.** Options are listed in [Run States](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run#run-states)       |
```
